This is Cody Skala (cws26) and here is my Operating Systems Project 1 submission.
Everything should be included that is needed and the program should work properly.
If anything is missing or incorrect, please let me know so I may correct it accordingly.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
What I did for this assignment was followed the directions listed under the Description
link from the labs page. First, I obtained all the files from the website and ensured
Bochs was working for me. The second thing I did was assemble the bootload.asm to make
the bootload. The next thing I did was create the compileOS.sh file to help easily
compile everything. After this was all setup, I implemented the printScreen function
to easily put text onto the sceen for viewing. This takes use of the interrupts and not
the C provided printing functions. The next piece that was completed was readString
function. This takes input from the keyboard and stores what was typed to a variable.
It also handles pressing ENTER or BACKSPACE to properly finish or remove characters
from the input. The next thing was clearScreen function. This first will remove all the
text currently on the screen and set a background and foreground color for any new text.
I set my background color to red and text color to white (passed as int parameters)All
of these functions use interrupts to get the task done as the instructions ask. Next, I
wrote the readInt function to get a number as a character and convert it to an integer.
Finally, I created Interrupt 33 to call the handleInterrupt function and replaced all
the code in main to take use of this new procedure. All in all, this was a fun project
and I look forward to the up and comming projects for this class.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
How to verify:
This program is very simple to veriy. All that needs to be done is when in the terminal,
navigate to this folder (cws26_OS1) and run the compileOS.sh with ./compileOS.sh which
will ensure everything compiles and builds correctly. The only otheer thing to do is
type into the terminal the following command: bochs -f osxterm.txt
This should run Bochs and have my program be loaded. All tests can be run that need to
be at this point and rerun with the same Bochs command.